# Problem
Let's explore another scenario where a customer is trying to decide whether to
build a custom solution or buy an existing one.

Globomantics is a large manufacturer of luxury timepieces. They are primarily
an assembly shop, purchasing components like bolts, gears, and glass windows.
The carrying cost of this inventory is skyrocketing out of control as their
suppliers force them into purchasing large batches at a time. The management
team has decided to begin the long process of vertically integrating the
company to streamline their supply chain inefficiencies.

This will help achieve their primary goal of long-term cost reduction with
respect to daily operations. Their first action was to acquire a quartz mine.

Globomantics already has a large IT infrastructure that spans their corporate
offices, distribution centers, and assembly plants. The quartz mine is a
large, sprawling site with wirelessly-connected devices deployed in a
haphazard fashion. Globomantics wants to integrate the mine into the rest of
the network. This includes some kind of unified network management system to
enforce configuration conformity, regulatory compliance, and security
controls. Given that Globomantics is both responsible and liable for the
mine's network, they need to complete the network integration immediately.

The mine was purchased using stock as Globomantics was conserving cash for
making future IT investments in support of the acquisition. The company has a
large sum of money for capital investment, but they aren't sure where or
how to spend it. Some proposals call for simply buying an existing network
management solution from the commercial market. Others suggest reassigning the
company's internal developers from customer projects to internal IT
infrastructure projects. A few even called for outsourcing the development of
a unified IT management system to a remote software development team. No doubt
the integration will be a technical challenge regardless of the management
solution, but Globomantics is paralyzed by indecision. What would you
recommend as a viable solution?

# Analysis
At the end of the day, Globomantics is caught in a classic "build versus buy"
dilemma.

You've probably heard the old paradigm of "good, cheap, fast, pick two". Let's
not debate the merits of it here, but assuming it's accurate, this customer
clearly wants good and fast. They are willing to invest serious capital to
solve this problem quickly and correctly.

The whole reason the company performed the acquisition in the first place was
to leverage the natural efficiencies of a combined firm. A reduction of OPEX
over time is how this customer will measure success.

While Globomantics certainly could create their own solution, it would require
pulling their developers away from customer-facing work. Alternatively, they
could outsource this project to a remote dev team, but that would take too long.

# Solution
I would suggest that Globomarkets buy a commercial product. The scenario
didn't give enough technical details to make a specific product
recommendation. With some additional investigation and requirements gathering,
products like Cisco DNA Center, Cisco NSO, Cisco SD-WAN, or Cisco Meraki COULD
be appropriate solutions. In terms of rollout, I would recommend integrating
the newly-purchased solution into the Globomantics corporate network first.
This is a well-managed network that is probably well-documented and
well-understood by the Globomantics network team. This technical insertion
will also provide those engineers with valuable experience they can apply
during the mine integration.

Because the individual sites within the mine are spread apart and connected
wirelessly, they can be integrated into Globomantics one-by-one, reducing
migratory risk. If the migration of a single site fails, the rest of the mine
will have connectivity and will continue operating normally. In terms of time
and money, Globomantics will make an upfront investment for a professional-grade
product that presumably comes with vendor service support. They'll get immediate
access to the product, ultimately assisting with their goal of rapid
integration. If you suggested that Globomantics build their own solution,
whether by internal or outsourced developers, you should mark this scenario
for follow-up.
